---
title: Hello January 2025
author: anonabelle
categories: [updates]
img: 
comics:	0
clients: 0
---

<div class="blogtext mb-3" markdown='1'>


<p id="toc">A lot has happened since the last post! Let's get into it.</p> 
<p>In this update:</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="#updates">Website and Internet things</a></li>
<li><a href="#projects">Projects</a></li>
<li><a href="#life">Life</a></li>
<li><a href="#next">Future</a></li>
</ul>

</div>

<hr>

<div class="blogtext mb-3" markdown='1'>
<h2 id="updates">Website and Internet things</h2>
<p>Rolled out a few new website updates:
	<ul>
		<li>homepage has a "featured blog post" section which will link you to:
			<ul> 
				<li> <b>my latest comic post</b></li>
				<li>a random, non-comic <b>featured blog post</b> </li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>homepage also has an <b>Updates section</b> (you may have clicked into this post from there). A summary of what I have been up to will be shared here every end of the month.</li>
		<li>This website now has an <b>rss feed</b> for the blog. If you want to keep up with my latest blog posts, feel free to add it to your favorite rss reader. The ones I use are <b>FeedBro</b> on Firefox desktop and <b>Feedly</b> on Android mobile.</li>
		<li>Downsized some of my socials, namely:
			<ul>
				<li>said goodbye to two instagram accounts: <b>anonabelle.ink</b> (pen and ink illustrations) and <b>anonabelle.paint</b> (paintings). Any work I had on there are in their <a href="/ink">respective</a> <a href="/paint">galleries</a> on this website.</li>
				<li>decided to clear out my <b>twitter</b>. May use it to crosspost announcements/updates, but maintaining it isn't a priority for me.</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>Worked on some minor <b>website housecleaning</b> to improve viewing/browsing experience.</li>
	</ul>
</p>
<p class="text-center"><a href="#toc">back to top</a></p>
</div>

<hr>

<div class="blogtext mb-3" markdown='1'>
<h2 id="projects">Projects</h2>

<ul>
	<li>Added a small <a href="/oops">sequential art project</a> where I experimented with a limited color palette to tell a story without words.</li>
	<li>Been working on <a href="/sunmoon">Sun says Moon says</a> since the start of 2024. Currently 90% complete - but boy is that final 10% kicking my ass. Final push, go!</li>
</ul>
<p class="text-center"><a href="#toc">back to top</a></p>
</div>

<hr>

<div class="blogtext mb-3" markdown='1'>
<h2 id="life">Life updates</h2>
<p>2025 has been <i>fun</i> so far, and I mean that with equal parts sincerity and sarcasm.</p>

<p>The Bean (family dog) and I have been dealing with some Bodily Shenanigans this month - him liver problems due to age, mine a drawing hand injury due to poor timing and judgement. We're both nearing full recovery now (thankfullly) but hoo boy was the start of January rough.</p>

<p>What has been keeping me sane? The <b>Wicked (2024)</b> OST, on loop since December. My favorite so far is <i>Wizard and I</i>.</p>

<p class="text-center"><a href="#toc">back to top</a></p>
</div>

<hr>

<div class="blogtext mb-3" markdown='1'>
<h2 id="next">Any new plans?</h2>
<p>My life continues to be dominated by SunMoon. Both dreading and looking forward to what life will look like once it's done.</p>
</div>

